Azure disks module with role (#302)
prefapp/tfm: modules/azure-disks/README.md

# Azure disks with role

## Overview

> This module creates azure disks with role into Azure provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module creates azure disks and assign a role to manage them, to a service principal.
```

}
```

### Set a data .tfvars

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| location | The Azure region where the managed disk should be created. | string | n/a | yes |
| resource_group_name | The name of the resource group in which the managed disk should be created. | string | n/a | yes |
| disks | A map of managed disk configurations. | map(object({<br> name: string (required)<br> disk_size_gb: number (required)<br> sku: string (required)<br> })) | n/a | yes |
| role_definition_name | The name of the role definition to assign to the managed disk. | string | `Contributor` | no |
| principal_id | The ID of the principal to assign the role definition to. | string | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| disk_names | The names of the managed disks. |
| disk_ids | The IDs of the managed disks. |

## Example

```yaml
resource_group_name: "REDACTED-RESOURCE-GROUP"
location: "REDACTED-LOCATION"
disks:
    - name: disk-1
      storage_account_type: StandardSSD_LRS
    - name: disk-2
    - name: disk-3
    - name: disk-4
      storage_account_type: Premium_LRS

> principal_id: "XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX"

Reviewer: Missing role attribute.

Also role and principal_id should be optional. This module could be useful to create a set of disk, but you could not need to assign a role to any principal to manage them (maybe for example, the principal already has that permission through the resource group)
